Form submitted:

Name
  	Chris Moschetti
Email
  	cmosche@gmail.com
Phone
  	(845) 490-5058
Date of your event
  	03/10/2022
What is the name and/or address of the venue?
  	Dans Hall
What is the nature of your event? Choose One.
  	

    Party

What time is your event scheduled to begin and end?
  	3pm-9pm
How many people do you expect to attend your event?
  	100
Would you like to have a technician on site to help run your event?
  	Yes
What kind of equipment or services do you expect to need for your event? Choose all that apply.
  	

    Sound Systems
    Projector and/or Projection Screen
    Cameras
    Streaming
    Large Format Television
    Staging

How would you like us to get in touch with you?
  	

    Email


Reply received:

Hey Chris,
Thanks for reaching out!
I'll need to ask you a couple of questions to help to get a quote for your event;
What is the address of your event?
What time is it scheduled to begin and end?
Will you need any microphones or is your sound system just for audio/video playback?
What's a good contact number for someone who will be on site to help facilitate the setup and breakdown?
What size projector screen are you looking for? (please keep in mind that projectors will not operate properly outside during daylight hours)
Are you looking to have your event streamed? If so, will it be a streaming meeting (two way stream) or a webinar (one way)?
Do you plan to have a band perform?

Here are some equipment price breakdowns - 

Video 

We have 5'/6'/8' Tripod Screens - 50$ each
7.5'x10' Fast Fold Screens - 225$
9' x 12' Fast Fold Screens - 275$
3K projectors - 225$
6K projectors - 495$
12K projectors - 925$
70" Television on Rolling stand - 495$
86" Television on Rolling Stans - 695$
Please be aware that the Fast Fold style projector screens, and any of our large format televisions will require 2 technicians for setup/breakdown

Staging

4'x4' staging - 50$ per piece of staging, up to 8 pieces available
Please be aware that staging will require 2 technicians for setup/breakdown


For streaming we have several camera options;


Canon XA35 Camera on Tripod - $225 (this can be used as a static "set and forget" camera that can be left on a tripod and doesnt requre a camera operator)

Vaddio PTZ Camera system including up to 3 Joystick controlled PTZ cameras - $795  (this camera system has 3 robotically controlled cameras and needs to be operated by a technician)


Equipment necessary for operating the stream;


Streaming Rig including streaming laptop, ATEM streaming switcher and capture card - $400


(Chris - I copy and past this next section extremely frequently for wedding/ party inquiries)

Here are some of our common sound system packages

First is the smaller package: The Anchor Liberty 2 Sound System consists of 2 Speakers on stands which come with an Aux connection, Bluetooth connection, and wireless mic.

This system can run on a battery charge for a few hours if power is not available.

This system is ideal for light background music and speech reinforcement and is not meant for a full reception sound system.

The Price for this system comes to $275.


We also offer a medium sized package: The Anchor Bigfoot 2 Speaker System consists of 2 Speakers with wireless microphone, an Aux connection and Bluetooth connection.

This system can run on a battery charge for a few hours if power is not available.

This system can handle louder music and speech reinforcement.

The Price for this system comes to $375.


We also offer a larger package: This package includes a pair of JBL Eon 615 powered speakers on stands with all the appropriate cabling, an 8 channel microphone mixer with aux inputs and a Shure wireless microphone.

The Price for this system comes to $495.

If you are looking to have a lot of bass or low end sound we offer a JBL 518s sub-woofer for an additional $100.

(Please note, this system is not battery operated and will require power available on-site.)


If you have a band performing, or multiple people planned to speak at your event, I recommend;

Midas M32R Mixing Console with up to 8 Wireless Shure microphones - $695



Labor - Delivery/setup/breakdown starts at 195$ depending on where the event is located, assuming it only requires one technician

If it requires 2 or is more than 1.5 hours away from our warehouse in Modena, NY then pricing for Delivery/setup/breakdown comes to 295$


A/V technician on site comes to 75$/hr per technician with a 4 hour minimum


This is about the gist of it.

TBH so far we don't really get inquiries of this size/scope through the inquiry form system, people mostly call or just write a more general "we have a large event at the grandview, we'd like to discuss our options" sort of thing.

The rental inquiries seem to mostly be used by people who are having weddings or smaller meetings. 

Let me know any questions and if you answer all the questions I posed above, we can get into the next step of the process.